# Breast-Cancer-Prediction
This breast cancer database was obtained from the University of Wisconsin Hospitals, which contain each cell nuclei features. We use these cell features to classify whether a patient can be classified as Benign or Malignant so that doctors can continue there treatment based on the outcome of the classification model. We have achieved higher precision and recall rates so as to correctly classify a patient what treatment he has to undergo.
Breast cancer is the most common malignancy among women, accounting for nearly 1 in 3 cancers diagnosed among women in the United States, and it is the second leading cause of cancer death among women. Breast Cancer occurs as a results of abnormal growth of cells in the breast tissue, commonly referred to as a Tumor. A tumor does not mean cancer - tumors can be benign (not cancerous), pre-malignant (pre-cancerous), or malignant (cancerous). Tests such as MRI, mammogram, ultrasound and biopsy are commonly used to diagnose breast cancer performed.

Identify data sources This is an analysis of the Breast Cancer Wisconsin (Diagnostic) DataSet, obtained from Kaggle. This data set was created by Dr. William H. Wolberg, physician at the University Of Wisconsin Hospital at Madison, Wisconsin,USA. To create the dataset Dr. Wolberg used fluid samples, taken from patients with solid breast masses and an easy-to-use graphical computer program called Xcyt, which is capable of perform the analysis of cytological features based on a digital scan.

There are total 10 variables among them the class is the target variable with vaue 2 as Benign and 4 as Malignant. Rest of the variables apart from Id re used to predict the target avriable.
